po: add POT file, update PO files (#13)
zhangyuannie/butter: CONTRIBUTING.md

2. See [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) to set up the project.

> 3. Use Translation editors like [Poedit](https://poedit.net) to generate the PO file for your language based on the POT file. 
> (Note: before submitting the PR, remove the generated .mo files)
> 
> 4. Add your language to [LINGUAS](po/LINGUAS) if it is not already there.

Reviewer: It's possible to edit the translations without any translation editors. In such cases, you would need to add the language code to LINGUAS first in order to generate the po file.

```suggestion
3. Add your language to [LINGUAS](po/LINGUAS) if it is not already there.

4. Use your favorite editor such as [Poedit](https://poedit.net) to generate and edit the translation files located in `/po`. Alternatively, you can run `ninja -C build butter-update-po` and edit the po files manually with a text editor.
```
